What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do
it?
A hidden .git subdirectory is created.  You need to do it, to begin to
track files/commits.  After saying git status, it will say "initial
commit", but no files are actually tracked yet, and there is actually
0 commits!

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?
Once files have been added to the staging area, they can be
committed.  This is useful if you are probably only going to make
changes to those files (staged), to keep logical changes more
obvious.(?)


git config --global core.editor "/Applications/Emacs.app/Contents/MacOS/Emacs"
janicerichards (master *+) reflections $ git config --global push.default upstream
janicerichards (master *+) reflections $ git config --global merge.conflictsytle diff3


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per
logical change?
Use "git add <filename>" to just add the one file changed (which
possibly translates to a single logical change), so that one change
can be a separate version (or "commit") separate from the others.  (Do
the "git commit" cmd after doing the "git add <file>" command.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping
your history organized? How would branches help?
To see which experimental behaviors have been tried, and also to have
secondary versions, that may be useful to have in some cases.  One way
a branch is useful, is to see a history of which ideas have been tried
(possibly unsuccessfully)

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
to know at what point in the master branch, different side branches
were created ... important, b/c you may want to merge some of the
later master-branch changes into the (earlier) side branches.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we
represent it in the diagram the way we do?
To add in subsequent changes that have since been added to the
master-branch, into the (most recent) side branch tip.  Its
represented still by two branches that meet at the tip, b/c we still
want to preserve the child-parent order.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing
merges manually?
Git's automatic merging pro is that it could potentially save ALOT of
time over going through and manually adding/subtracting changes.  The
con is that the changes could possibly be wrong, or if there are
obvious conflicts, you must change them manually.  Pro to doing things
manually, is you will probably understand the code (unlike the
automatic merging process), so less likely to make obvious logical
mistakes merging the code.  The con to manual merging, is that it
would take ALOT longer, and of course human error/typos.
